Readme.md, before:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<!--
HOW TO USE:
This is an example of how you may give instructions on setting up your project locally.

Modify this file to match your project and remove sections that don't apply.

REQUIRED SECTIONS:
- Table of Contents
- About the Project
  - Built With
  - Live Demo
- Getting Started
- Authors
- Future Features
- Contributing
- Show your support
- Acknowledgements
- License

After you're finished please remove all the comments and instructions!
-->

<div align="center">

  <img src="murple_logo.png" alt="logo" width="140"  height="auto" />
  <br/>

  <h3><b></b></h3>

</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📗 Table of Contents](#-table-of-contents)
- [📖 \[Math Magicians\] ](#-math-magicians-)
  - [🛠 Built With ](#-built-with-)
    - [Tech Stack ](#tech-stack-)
    - [Key Features ](#key-features-)
    - [New Features ](#new-features-)
  - [🚀 Live Demo ](#-live-demo-)
  - [💻 Getting Started ](#-getting-started-)
    - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
    - [Setup](#setup)
    - [Install](#install)
    - [Usage](#usage)
    - [Run tests](#run-tests)
    - [Deployment](#deployment)
  - [👥 Authors ](#-authors-)
  - [🔭 Future Features ](#-future-features-)
  - [🤝 Contributing ](#-contributing-)
  - [⭐️ Show your support ](#️-show-your-support-)
  - [🙏 Acknowledgments ](#-acknowledgments-)
  - [❓ FAQ ](#-faq-)
  - [📝 License ](#-license-)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 [Math Magicians] <a name="about-project"></a>

> "Math magicians" is a website for all fans of mathematics. It is a Single Page App (SPA) that allows users to: make simple calculations and read a random math-related quote. 

**[Math Magicians]** is a...

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

<details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://reactjs.org/">React.js</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- Set up project using create-react-app
- Using Components to build the website
- Create a new directory called logic inside my project
- Copy the files calculate.js and operate.js into your logic/ directory
- Install big.js using NPM
- Import the files in your Calculator.js component
- Implement click event handlers using the math logic from calculate.js and operate.js 

### New Features <a name="new-features"></a>
  
  - Add navbar to the page
  - Use react router for routing
  - Style the website

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

> Live link is not available for now

- [Live Demo Link]()

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

> Describe how a new developer could make use of your project.

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

```sh
 npm install 
```

```sh
 npm start
```
### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

```sh
  cd my-folder
  git clone https://github.com/biruk-bereka/math-magicians.git
```
-

### Install

Install this project with:


### Usage

To run the project, execute the following command:

### Run tests

To run tests, run the following command:

### Deployment

You can deploy this project using:

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Biruk Bereka**

- GitHub: [@biruk-bereka](https://github.com/biruk-bereka)
- LinkedIn:[@Biruk Bereka](https://www.linkedin.com/in/biruk-bereka1212/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- [ ] **[Tests ]**
- [ ] **[Deploy ]**


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

> Write a message to encourage readers to support your project

If you like this project...

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

> Give credit to everyone who inspired your codebase.

I would like to thank...

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FAQ (optional) -->

## ❓ FAQ <a name="faq"></a>

> Add at least 2 questions new developers would ask when they decide to use your project.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [LICENSE](./LICENSE) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

Readme updated with live version link

Readme.md, after:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<!--
HOW TO USE:
This is an example of how you may give instructions on setting up your project locally.

Modify this file to match your project and remove sections that don't apply.

REQUIRED SECTIONS:
- Table of Contents
- About the Project
  - Built With
  - Live Demo
- Getting Started
- Authors
- Future Features
- Contributing
- Show your support
- Acknowledgements
- License

After you're finished please remove all the comments and instructions!
-->

<div align="center">

  <img src="murple_logo.png" alt="logo" width="140"  height="auto" />
  <br/>

  <h3><b></b></h3>

</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📗 Table of Contents](#-table-of-contents)
- [📖 \[Math Magicians\] ](#-math-magicians-)
  - [🛠 Built With ](#-built-with-)
    - [Tech Stack ](#tech-stack-)
    - [Key Features ](#key-features-)
    - [New Features ](#new-features-)
  - [🚀 Live Demo ](#-live-demo-)
  - [💻 Getting Started ](#-getting-started-)
    - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
    - [Setup](#setup)
    - [Install](#install)
    - [Usage](#usage)
    - [Run tests](#run-tests)
    - [Deployment](#deployment)
  - [👥 Authors ](#-authors-)
  - [🔭 Future Features ](#-future-features-)
  - [🤝 Contributing ](#-contributing-)
  - [⭐️ Show your support ](#️-show-your-support-)
  - [🙏 Acknowledgments ](#-acknowledgments-)
  - [❓ FAQ ](#-faq-)
  - [📝 License ](#-license-)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 [Math Magicians] <a name="about-project"></a>

> "Math magicians" is a website for all fans of mathematics. It is a Single Page App (SPA) that allows users to: make simple calculations and read a random math-related quote. 

**[Math Magicians]** is a...

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

<details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://reactjs.org/">React.js</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- Set up project using create-react-app
- Using Components to build the website
- Create a new directory called logic inside my project
- Copy the files calculate.js and operate.js into your logic/ directory
- Install big.js using NPM
- Import the files in your Calculator.js component
- Implement click event handlers using the math logic from calculate.js and operate.js 

### New Features <a name="new-features"></a>
  
  - Add navbar to the page
  - Use react router for routing
  - Style the website

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

> Here is the live version for the app

- [Math Magicians](https://math-magicians-riuh.onrender.com)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

> Describe how a new developer could make use of your project.

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

```sh
 npm install 
```

```sh
 npm start
```
### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

```sh
  cd my-folder
  git clone https://github.com/biruk-bereka/math-magicians.git
```
-

### Install

Install this project with:


### Usage

To run the project, execute the following command:

### Run tests

To run tests, run the following command:

### Deployment

You can deploy this project using:

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Biruk Bereka**

- GitHub: [@biruk-bereka](https://github.com/biruk-bereka)
- LinkedIn:[@Biruk Bereka](https://www.linkedin.com/in/biruk-bereka1212/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- [ ] **[Tests ]**
- [ ] **[Deploy ]**


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

> Write a message to encourage readers to support your project

If you like this project...

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

> Give credit to everyone who inspired your codebase.

I would like to thank...

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FAQ (optional) -->

## ❓ FAQ <a name="faq"></a>

> Add at least 2 questions new developers would ask when they decide to use your project.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [LICENSE](./LICENSE) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
